DukeD1rtfarm3r
Tim Müller
mullertim99@gmail.com
tmr261
11774606

(Note that my student ID may be 2718951 for the VU - but not sure, I pulled
 that number from my email address)


IMPLEMENTATION
The exploit works as follows: first, it runs a DoS-attack on the server by
sending it ten TCP-SYN packets with 'disable' in the payload. Then, it verifies
the server is actually down by sending five normal TCP-SYN packets and checking
for responses. If the server is down, the attack proceeds by probing the 
xterminal twice in rapid succession to find the current SEQ numbers and,
equally important, their difference. Using the ISN generation algorithm, it
predicts the next SEQ number and then establishes a new connection with the
Xterminal to send the RSH command over. Once this commend is send, the
communication is exited cleanly and the exploit returns.

Aside from the above, which is done in the exploit executable, go.sh runs
'bin/exploit' to install the backdoor and then uses RSH to download the
secret.txt file from the Xterminal. Finally, it performs some additional
cleaning up by removing the backdoor from the Xterminal.


ISN GENERATION ALGORITHM
The generation algorithm for my Xterminal works as follows. It has some
internal counter, which is increment at first by an arbitrary value. Then, for
every new connection, 11,111,111 is added to that value, which is then used to
increment the internal counter. In other words, the difference in sequence
numbers grows with 11,111,111 for every new connection.


CLEANING UP
Cleaning up is done as follows: in bin/exploit, we re-enable the server by
sending a TCP-SYN packet with 'enable' in its payload. Then, in go.sh, the
installed backdoor is removed by removing all lines with '+ +' from the .rhosts
file. Additionally, bin/exploit tries to exit all established connections (not
TCP-SYN's, as syn cookies are enabled) cleanly to avoid leaving the xterminal
with open connections.

The attack is potentially still logged in Xterminal's log files, but since we
need administrator access to change those, that is beyond the scope of this
assignment.
